Aggressively prune the system: This command will remove all stopped containers, all unused networks, all dangling images, and all build cache. 
Warning: This will clean up all unused Docker data on your system, not just for this project.

Bash
docker system prune -af


rm -f knowledge_documents/*.pdf

docker volume rm agri-agents_chroma_db


Check Logs: Run docker-compose logs -f groundtruth_ai to see the "real-time" progress of the background document processing.
Use the App: While the documents are processing, you can already use the frontend. It will respond with "The knowledge base is still being built..." until the process is complete.
Inspect the DB: At any time, open a new terminal, activate your virtual environment (source venv/bin/activate), install pandas (pip install pandas tabulate), and run python inspect_db.py to see a neatly formatted table of what's in your vector database.


Certain files in knowledge_documents cannot be downloaded directly. 
For example, https://pmkisan.gov.in/Documents/ADDITIONAL-FAQ-IN-RESPECTIVE-OF-THE-PM2.pdf for this pdf if we directly do requests() we will get SSL certifcation error
To by pass that we need to get the SSL certifcation for that site. Steps are:
Go to 👉 https://pmkisan.gov.in
Click the lock icon (🔒) in the address bar.
Choose “Connection is secure” → Certificate is valid (or View Certificate).
🔹 Step 2: Export the certificate
A window will open showing the certificate details.
Go to the Details tab.
Click Copy to File… (in Chrome/Edge it’s “Export”).
In the wizard:
Choose base64 ASCII encoded certificate chain.
Save it as govt.pem (Windows might default to .cer, just rename extension to .pem).



Now, I want to do the folllowing:

Demo Video (3–5 minutes)

Walkthrough of your working prototype

Show key use cases where your solution responds intelligently

Simulate the real-world usage (e.g., farmer asks a question)

Limitations and future work. Extra points to show failures of your solution and their fixes.

can you give the exact talking points that I will speak for the above